Buck did not read the newspapers, or he would have known thattrouble was brewing, not alone for himself, but for every tide-water dog, strong of muscle and with warm, long hair, from PugetSound to San Diego. Because men, groping in the Arctic darkness,had found a yellow metal, and because steamship and transportationcompanies were booming the find, thousands of men were rushinginto the Northland. These men wanted dogs, and the dogs theywanted were heavy dogs, with strong muscles by which to toil, andfurry coats to protect them from the frost.Buck lived at a big house in the sun-kissed Santa Clara Valley.Judge Miller's place, it was called. It stood back from the road,half hidden among the trees, through which glimpses could becaught of the wide cool veranda that ran around its four sides.The house was approached by gravelled driveways which wound aboutthrough wide-spreading lawns and under the interlacing boughs oftall poplars. At the rear things were on even a more spaciousscale than at the front. There were great stables, where a dozengrooms and boys held forth, rows of vine-clad servants' cottages,an endless and orderly array of outhouses, long grape arbors,green pastures, orchards, and berry patches. Then there was thepumping plant for the artesian well, and the big cement tank whereJudge Miller's boys took their morning plunge and kept cool in thehot afternoon.And over this great demesne Buck ruled. Here he was born, andhere he had lived the four years of his life. It was true, therewere other dogs, There could not but be other dogs on so vast aplace, but they did not count. They came and went, resided in thepopulous kennels, or lived obscurely in the recesses of the houseafter the fashion of Toots, the Japanese pug, or Ysabel, theMexican hairless,--strange creatures that rarely put nose out ofdoors or set foot to ground. On the other hand, there were the foxterriers, a score of them at least, who yelped fearful promises atToots and Ysabel looking out of the windows at them and protectedby a legion of housemaids armed with brooms and mops.But Buck was neither house-dog nor kennel-dog. The whole realmwas his. He plunged into the swimming tank or went hunting withthe Judge's sons; he escorted Mollie and Alice, the Judge'sdaughters, on long twilight or early morning rambles; on wintrynights he lay at the Judge's feet before the roaring library fire;he carried the Judge's grandsons on his back, or rolled them inthe grass, and guarded their footsteps through wild adventuresdown to the fountain in the stable yard, and even beyond, wherethe paddocks were, and the berry patches. Among the terriers hestalked imperiously, and Toots and Ysabel he utterly ignored, forhe was king,--king over all creeping, crawling, flying things ofJudge Miller's place, humans included.
